Princess use back today to show
You nail with sea shells
I do not know if you know those
beautiful beach that has sand from the ground
they are little shells
I'll still be the same
fill a pot and I kept it last year
I did this nail
I've done a couple of times it was that
It's funny that these times
I was looking on the internet and I saw that
a foreigner's brand launched a
enamel
who comes with small pieces of shell pt
apply if I'm not mistaken it's crochet tce
shells something like that is the name
in English, in small pieces of shell
so I decided to bring you that I
I think this nail is beautiful
How do I like surfing and I go with
Frequency on the beach for me is a
very good reminder to be able to carry
sea ​​shells on the nail
I hope you like it and I'll show you
So how did I do the first thing?
What I'm going to pass on then is the
vitamin area
I have the shells then in a pot
of glass
I'll use a spoon to select
them and pour on the nails and
Enamel I'm going to use this color which is a
sparkling well clear who to be fast
Pass the color and pour the shells
on
I'll get a toothpick so I'll get it.
just the bills in the corner
she set and go here doing
drawing with a toothpick
and so we wait ck this is the
end result of the nail with coxinhas
I hope you have enjoyed
Princess, I'll be right back, Kiss.
cheek of you